Adds instructions for debugging CesiumJS within VSCode (#10010)
CesiumGS/cesium: Documentation/Contributors/VSCodeGuide/README.md

Keep in mind that `build-watch` will quietly terminate when
you quit VSCode, so should be restarted manually on next launch.

## Debugging CesiumJS

> To debug CesiumJS using the VSCode Chrome debugger, run the `"Start Server"` configuration or if the server was started in the terminal using `npm start`, use the `"Debug in Chrome"` configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To debug CesiumJS using the VSCode Chrome debugger, run the `"Start Server"` configuration. If the server was already started in the terminal using `npm start`, use the `"Debug in Chrome"` configuration.
```

Small readability tweak

Keep in mind that `build-watch` will quietly terminate when
you quit VSCode, so should be restarted manually on next launch.

## Debugging CesiumJS

To enable debugging from within VSCode, navigate to your [`settings.json` file](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/settings#_settings-file-locations)

> and set `"debug.javascript.debugByLinkOptions"` to `"always"`. Once you save your changes to this file, you can start a debugging session within VSCode by holding down

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and set `"debug.javascript.debugByLinkOptions"` to `"always"`. Once you save your changes to this file, you can start a debugging session from the VSCode integrated shell by holding down
```
